SJCONF-openvpn
sjconf-openvpn
%%mtime

%!target : man
%!encoding : utf-8
%!postproc(man): "^(\.TH.*) 1 "  "\1 8 "

= NAME =

sjconf-openvpn - handle **openvpn**(8) configuration through **sjconf**(8)

= DESCRIPTION =

sjconf is a configuration wrapper that handles global and server specific
configuration, deployment and service restart.

The openvpn plugin allows for handling the **openvpn**(8) configuration files.

The plugin allows one **[openvpn]** section and multiple sections of the form
**[openvpn:vpn_name]**.

Section **openvpn** must have the following options set:

:    **template** = //path//
Path to the template for openvpn configuration.

:    **template_openvpn** = //path//
Path to the /etc/default/openvpn file.


= OPTIONS =

Section **openvpn** may contain any of the value of **openvpn:vpn_name**
sections. They will be used as defaults for the given options.

Sections **openvpn:vpn_name** must contain the following options:

:    **autostart** = //boolean//
Should this VPN be started on boot.

:    **dev** = //device_name//
Name of the TUN device that will be used by this VPN.

:    **ca** = //path//
Path to the PEM encoded X509 certificate of the Certification Authority.

:    **cert** = //path//
Path to the PEM encoded X509 public certificate.

:    **key** = //path//
Path to the PEM encoded X509 private key.

:    **link_mtu** = //integer//
MTU to be used over the VPN.

:    **resolv_retry** = //integer|infite//
How many times should openvpn try to connect to the remote host.

:    **remote-1** = //host:port//
Item of the **remote** sequence. Defines one of the remote host for this VPN.

:    **option-1** = //value//
Item of the **option** sequence. Any of the **openvpn**(8) option that does not
need a value (ex: remote-random, nobind, persist-key).

:    **cipher** = //cipher//
Cipher to use to encrypt traffic over the VPN link.

:    **verbosity** = //integer//
Set the verbosity of  the logs.

:    **mute** = //integer//
Set the number of times of message may occur before it is silenced.

:    **proto** = //tcp-client|udp|tcp//
Set the protocol used by **openvpn** to connect to the remote host.

:    **client** = //boolean//
Whether this VPN definition is an **openvpn** client or a server.

:    **script_security** = //integer//
Set the script-security value, see **openvpn**(8) man page.

:    **up_script** = //path//
Path to the script called upon successful connection to the remote host.


= EXAMPLE =

  [openvpn]
  template = templates/openvpn/openvpn.conf
  template_openvpn = templates/openvpn/openvpn.default
  autostart = no
  verbosity = 3
  mute = 20
  link_mtu = 1450
  resolv_retry = infinite
  cipher = BF-CBC
  option-100 = nobind
  option-101 = mute-replay-warnings
  option-102 = persist-key

  [openvpn:example-vpn]
  autostart = yes
  dev = tun1
  ca = test-ca.crt
  cert = mycert.crt
  key = mykey.key
  remote-1 = vpn.example.com:1194
  proto = tcp-client
  client = yes
  script_security = 0


= AUTHOR =

The sjconf openvpn plugin and this manual page have been written by the **SmartJog** company.

= SEE ALSO =

**sjconf**(8), **openvpn**(8).

